Add Shadow DOM limitations (#6279)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Shadow DOM/Shadow DOM.md

[Shadow DOM](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_components/Using_shadow_DOM) allows you to attach a DOM subtree to an element and have the internals of this tree hidden from JavaScript and CSS running in the page.

#include common-ctp-note-wo-devextreme

> At present, DevExtreme components only partly support Shadow DOM. The following limitations apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevExtreme components currently only partly support Shadow DOM. The following limitations apply:
```

- Diagram and Gantt do not support Shadow DOM.

- CSS selectors in properties like [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxContextMenu/Configuration/#target) or [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) are not supported. Pass a DOM element instead.

- Popup, Tooltip, Popover, Toast, and LoadPanel render the dialog window in the `<body>` element, not in Shadow DOM.

> - DevExtreme stylesheets must be included in the Light DOM for Shadow DOM components to render correctly.

Reviewer 2: Just adding a stop for clarity. I hope I didn't mess it up.  

```suggestion
- DevExtreme stylesheets must be included in the Light DOM. Otherwise Shadow DOM components may render correctly.
```

> - DevExtreme stylesheets must be included in the Light DOM. Otherwise Shadow DOM components may render correctly.

Author: ```suggestion
- DevExtreme stylesheets must be included in the Light DOM. Otherwise, Shadow DOM components may render incorrectly.
```
